wx_property_tag list (#670)
BAMWelDX/weldx: CHANGELOG.rst

changes
=======

-  The ``wx_property_tag`` validator now also accepts lists of different tags. [:pull:`670`]

>    When multiple tags are passed, validation will pass if *one or more* of the supplied pattern matches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When multiple tags are passed, validation will fail if *none* of the supplied patterns match.
```
The previous formulation sounded like everything passes as long as I have one of the required tags
